Create Support Redirect Template (#2869)
pomerium/pomerium: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/support.md

> For support questions, review our Discuss forum at <https://discuss.pomerium.com/>. We use Discuss to answer and archive support questions for users that may not be as comfortable with GitHub as developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike many projects on GitHub, Pomerium does not use its bug tracker for general discussion or asking questions. We only use our bug tracker for tracking bugs, feature requests, and proposals. We use Discuss at <https://discuss.pomerium.com/> to answer and archive support questions for users that may not be as comfortable with GitHub as developers.

For asking questions, see:

- [Discuss Forums](https://discuss.pomerium.com/). Specifically, search the [support category](https://discuss.pomerium.com/c/support/9) to see if your question has already been addressed. If not, open a new topic and follow the support template provided.
- [Community - Get Help](https://www.pomerium.com/docs/community/#get-help).
```

> Specifically, search the [support category](https://discuss.pomerium.com/c/support/9) to see if your question has already been addressed. If not, open a new topic and follow the support template provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
